contribution_Nicholas_Piazza.txt


My contribution: I ended up doing almost all the coding.
For the first version of the project(image classification), I did the image classification custom
model training by myself, developing the web application for the project, making the Prolog
knowledge base, and making a dictionary for recipes corresponding to links.
The second version of the project(with a pretrained model), I did that on my own as well. It 
consisted of trying to modify the first version of the project just for object detection instead
of image classification.
For the third and final version of the project(custom object detection model), I took care of 
developing and deploying the React web application for The Lazy Chef. I also worked with
tensorflow.js initially at this stage of the project, trying to figure out how to perform object
detection with our custom trained model.
Most of the commits and code contributions on the GitHub repository ended up being from me.
My main contribution to this project was developing the web application for The Lazy Chef.




Ethan Melero’s contribution: Ethan took care of training the custom object detection model.
He manually labeled almost up to 1,000 images of food in CustomVision.
He also scraped more than 200 of those images from the web.
He also helped make the project proposal, write the project progress, and write the project report.
He also made most of the presentation slides.
He also helped modify and correctly format the Prolog knowledge base.
He also helped clean up the GitHub repository.


Brandon Martin’s contribution: Brandon took care of the dataset preparation.
He was able to automate the scraping of several hundred images from the web.
He also expanded the Prolog knowledge base and expanded the dictionary of recipes corresponding to links.
The project was his idea.
He suggested we try to find an API to help us with object detection which led us to finding
the customvision-tfjs package; the package helped us get accurate object detection readings.
He also helped record our YouTube video, write the paper, and finish the presentation slides.