Nicks contributions: 
	Nick wrote most of the code. He delt with the merging of the CustomVision model with the knowledge base together. He worked really hard on this project and was extremely 
excited and motivated. When we had discussed this starting this project, we literally woke up the next day to a message from nick saying that with the help of some information 
he found online, he already had a working model. Me and Ethan were astonished and blown away. That was for the 1st iteration. through out the rest of the iterations, 
the person writing most of the code personally was Nick although Ethan and myself were in a video call with him collaboratively discussing issues and possible solutions. 
Worked on the paper.
Nick is the man. 



Ethans contributions: 
	Ethans contributions include the training of the CustomVision Model, and labeling hundreds of images for the 50 ingredients(items) that customvision would allow on their
free account version. Scrubbed for additional images to continue to train the model. He created the main template for the powerpoint presentation and did quite a few of the slides.
Also created the initial template for the paper as well as added to the paper.
Ethan, too, is also the man.



Brandons contributions:
	The idea for this project came from me and I was super excited to work on this with Etan and Nick. Unfortunately, in the beginning I was having personal 
issues at home so I wasnt able to contribute much to the initial 1st iteration of the code the Nick had written.After my personal affairs had calmed down, 
it was just a matter of trying to do whatever I could. In the beginning this began with me trying to find a way to automate the downloading of images, 
the labelling of the images, the training of the model, and the collection of recipes. Initially i was able to scrub and create a useable list of over 
1000 ingredients, i was able to create a python script that allowed me to scrub and auto-download images from google image searches, but then we had found out that the 
method/ model that was being used would only allow 50 classes/items. I then proceesed to search for and test alternative methods to utilize for training object detection models.
Eventually, I was unable to move forward in that direction as initial time constraints were approaching. So I switched over to adding recipes to the prolog database.
I'll be honest, using the initial template that Nick had created, this was extremely easy once I actually had the recipes. Obtaining and creating recipes based on ingredients that had 
already been used to train the model was something else I did. I also added the relevent lines of code into the project so that the URLs where the recipe could be found would be 
findable by the program. Since our availability became scattered, I put together the youtube video presentation by just asking them to send an audio file of their portion and I
spliced it all together. I also did a few slides on the powerpoint as well as added to the final paper.


Overall, I feel like while I unfortunately was unable to work directly on a lot of the coding aspect for this project, I hope I was able to do enough to not feel like a burden 
to my partners. Overall, I could not have asked for better group mated for this semester!